I love that entrepreneurs are becoming
the new rock stars I love that you can
have millions of followers that has a
entrepreneur like that's crazy
and wonderful because it's going to get
people thinking about something than
just creating arts right being a
musician being an actor but the flip
side of that is people think that it's
just glamour not right
most of building a business is boring
it's the finances it's taxes its
employees its contract it's dealing with
all the weird stuff that comes along
with human beings the governmental
agencies regulations it's unending so
you've got to see where it goes what
your business is meant to bring into the
world and say I am so on fire about that
that not only will i acquire the skills
that i currently lack but I will fight
through all the boring because I
believe in it so I always tell people
find something that you would die for
and live for it